#Tipps für den Startbildschirm
#Vielen Dank für 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, leagris, Lewissaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, richardhendricks, yukieiji und andere für die wertvollen Ratschläge.
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" are 77 chars
#Der Rucksack des Abenteurers? Meinst du eine eingebaute Werkbank, ein Bett und einen Flüssigkeitstank?
#
Haben Sie eine Frage? Trete unserem Discord Server bei: discord.gg/wtNVzeE5QB
You can bind the quests menu to a key, instead of using the book
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
Das ist Feuerstein und Stahl buchstäblich!
Adventurer's backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
Achten Sie sich vor Umweltverschmutzung!
Haben Sie einen Fehler gefunden? Report it on GitHub or Discord
You can bookmark items with NEI ("a" by default)
Es ist NEI, nicht JEI. Benutze es häufig.
Your pick is not ready
Also try GT:NH!
Lege die "Mine" zurück in Minecraft
Keine Nachtwanderungen!
Verzichten Sie auf alle Vanillekentnisse, alle, die hierher kommen
Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Be prepared to take hours to build a single multiblock machine!
Press F7 to see spots where mobs can spawn!
Press F9 to see chunk borders!
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
Wie viele Schaltkreise hast du in deinem Leben gefertigt?
XAERO's WELTKARTE: DRÜCKEN[M]
sqrt(-1) liebt dich!
(MultiMC > Curse) && (Technic > Curse): richtig
Alles, was du tun musstest, war, der verdammten Quest zu folgen, CJ!
Click on an item in the quest book to show its recipe in NEI
Warum nicht Nuclear Tech besuchen? Wir haben... Wasserstoffbombe
If it's too tedious you're doing it wrong
Do you also watch your oven while baking food?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Use F3 + S to reload the sound if it's gone
Life's all about opening issues, not closing them - Rongmario
Besuchen Sie r/feedthemems!
ICH WILL EINE RAKETE ICH WILL DEN MOND - St4o
Hello @Bufka2011 why did you copied our (GTNH) rules :kekwhat:
Hast du das AE2-System bereits erstellt?
Press O to hide NEI overlay
Probieren Sie auch GregTech: Neue Horizonte!
3.6 Roentegen?
Die Fabrik muss wachsen!
Have you tried Schematica?
There is a swarm ahead!
Beware of glyphids
Wasserstoffbombe gegen Hustenbaby
Say hello to DreamMaster from Bufka2011!
What? Warden is a hard boss? Pfft... Martian Invasion Ship
Es ist kein Fehler, es ist eine Anomalie!
ZIRNOX going brrrrrr
Oh no, ZIRNOX going BOOOOOM
PotatOS is funny :D
Did you checked graphics settings?
How much RAM do you have? 6GB for NT:NH is perfect!
Do not ragequit
Historically accurate! Maybe...
50% scientific accurate!
How about to share this modpack with your friends?
The freaking meteorite landed INSIDE our rock cave!
Hurra, Verschmutzung! >:D
Oh nein, Verschmutzung. :▪(
Do you have radiation protection with you?
Be sure to check out if there is a new update!
The best way to process ore is Acidizer + Centrifuge
Crystallized ore gives you 2 ingots when smelting
NTM's Electric Furnaces are must!
Don't mine coal without breathing protection
Number One Asbestos Fan
She was 'Nuclear' on my 'Tech' until I 'New Horizons'
Did you already automated food production?
It's automated, not automized
Don't forget to feed your cat!
Minecraft loading can take a while
World loading can take a while
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's GitHub repo!
You can suggest your ideas on NTNH's Discord!
You need help with NTM? Find SavageVegeta on YouTube!
Do you know math? You'll need it
2 idiots 1 reactor
Night is REALLY scary!
OMGWTF NUCLEAR CREEPER
Pain-In-The-Ass modpack!
Hello Mellow!
Hello HBMTheBobcat!
Hello DreamMaster!
Hello JamesH2!
Hello everyone!
Explore structures like antennas for early resources  
Build multiple furnaces to speed up alloy production  
Sirens going UUUUUUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Bro this RBMK is so hot... Nevermind
Turrets are doing RATATATATATA
Brother. The darkness is coming.
Use HE to RF converters!
Use RF to HE converters!
Check the mod’s wiki for detailed information
Experiment with machine upgrades to increase efficiency
Account for pollution mechanics - they impact gameplay
Control pollution to avoid problems with these cockroaches
Use soot towers to reduce pollution
Have fun and experiment - NTM offers endless possibilities
Creepers are TERRIFYING in here
Also try S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Anomaly GAMMA!
Also try Factorio!
Call your mom, make her happy
NEI recipe lookup: hover + R
Standard boilers may explode when running full.
Fluids can be voided with a drainage pipe.
Drainage pipe may not be too good for the environment.
Foundry casts can be removed with a screwdriver.
It's all about the game
Craft flippers to swim faster.
GregTech 6 is peak.
Supersymmetry is peak.
bob pls port to 1.20
1.8.9 port is happening soon trust me guys.
There's meteors. Build a roof. (#1)
The blast furnace extension increases speed with the same fuel consumption. (#2)
Don't want to use buckets for water? Use an infinite barrel instead. (#3)
Iron furnaces are more fuel efficient, and don't burn while idle. (#4)
Press F1 for help. (#5)
Bricked furnaces smelt construction materials faster, like sand, stone or clay. (#6)
Standard boilers may explode when running full. Industrial boilers will simply stop. (#7)
Is your RBMK leaking radiation? Use cover panels. (#8)
Flow control pumps can be used to change fluid distribution priority. (#9)
Pneumatic pipes move items instantly, and through unloaded chunks. (#10)
Fluids can be voided with a drainage pipe. Not too good for the environment, though. (#11)
Fans are activated by redstone and push entities around. Ideal for tree farms. (#12)
Don't set the microwave to the highest setting. (#13)
Fractioning towers connect vertically, stacking them increases throughput. (#14)
Fullerite too difficult? Make fine soot with a pyrolysis oven. (#15)
Exploration pays off. Who knows what you'll find. (#16)
Feeling sick? Check for nearby asbestos. (#17)
Need a lot of fuel early on? The nether is full of flaming coal. (#18)
Get a gun. (#19)
Alexandrite needs explosives to be mined. (#20)
Foundry casts can be removed with a screwdriver. (#21)
No, you can't upgrade a damaged pickaxe. (#22)
Using a screwdriver on a fluid burner will increase its burn rate. (#23)
Using dye on a pylon will change the color of the connected wires. (#24)
Capacitors are cheaper than energy storage blocks, and have faster discharging rates. (#25)
Any foundry part can be emptied by using a shovel. This drops the contents as foundry scraps. (#26)
Teleporters can teleport any entity, even items on a conveoyr belt. (#27)
Some recipes require blueprints which are found in structures. You can also buy them from Bobmazon. (#28)
It's all about the game. (#V9)
Winter will end just the same, no matter what. (#V9)
You know how we do it. (#V9)
Man, I'm dead. (#328)
We never did find the body. ( )
Shred wheat to triple your bread. (#S1)
how many breads have you eaten (#S2)
The two right-hand slots of the VAB are for calculating trips FROM and TO another planet. (#S3)
Dyson swarm units decay faster the more of them there are. (#S4)
Clay is valuable in space! (#S5)
Don't land at Y=63 on Moho, Laythe, or Eve! (#S6)
An armor modification table can add a PLSS to your armor, for breathing in space. (#S7)
Friendly fire will not be tolerated! (#S8)
Craft flippers to swim faster. (#S9)
Occasionally Heavy Boots are great in low gravity. (#S10)
You can survive in as little as 0.1atm of pure O2. (#S11)
You only need one air vent for breathing unaided. (#S12)
CO2 scrubbers and algae films can recover O2 continuously in orbit. (#S13)
Orbital station can't make a trip? Add more engines! (#S14)
Don't forget to clone your orbital station drive! (#S15)
wi wi wi. (#???)
